all right now solely over the song I'm
going to be using two different scales
are going to be using our RC Aeolian or
our natural minor scale and our D flat
Ionian or natural major scale I talked
about this kind of simplify things limb
with number our fingers one two three
and four and we start off what we call
what I call our first position our first
form and putting on my lowest note on
the route on the sixth string so my
first fingers on the 8th fret so first
figures for the eighth second for the
ninth third for the tenth for 311th okay
so on the sixth string play figures 134
on the fifth string 13 for fourth
straight 133 to go back a fret to the
seventh fret 12 for the sex are gonna go
up again to the 8th fret 124 on the
first string 134 so go backwards for 314
21 down a fret for 21 up 3 143 143
one now for the D flat iron in D flat
major we're starting the exact same
place its forms a little bit different
than the six dreamplay figures 1 2 4 5th
string 1 2 4 4 1 3 4 3rd 134 second 24
and first one to four going backwards
for 2 1 4 2 4 3 143 14 to 14 21 I was
just getting familiar a little bit with
each one of these play around with it a
few times just go back and forth get
used to how it feels you used to have it
sounds claim each individually and then
later on to try sticking them into our
song